Paper Name: Learning a Channelized Observer for Image Quality Assessment
Authors: Jovan G. Brankov, Yongyi Yang, et. al.
Type of Images: Mathematical Cardiac Torso (MCAT) phantom to generate average activity and attenuation maps to simulate activity and attenuation maps for a human torso, including the effects of contractile and wringing heart motions, and respiratory motion
Description/Acquiring of Data: 
								The maps were sampled on a grid of 128 × 128 × 64 with a voxel/pixel size of 0.317 cm. 
								Monte-Carlo based projections (128×128 images over 60 angles spanning 360◦) were generated simulating the effects of non-uniform attenuation, photon scatter and distance-dependent resolution (DDR) corresponding to a low-energy high-resolution collimator. 
								These projections were then re-sampled on a 64 × 64 grid over 60 angles to which Poisson noise was subsequently added. 
								Simulated perfusion defect was placed at a fixed position in the left-ventricular wall
Evaluation:	Mathematical Obervors - channelized support vector machine (CSVM)
			Human Observors - 	No of observors: 2 medical physicists
								Alternative Forced Choice (AFC): Unknown
								Benchmarking: 
												The image scores from the two observers were pooled together into a single set for subsequent studies. That is, the scores from the two observers were treated as two observations of the same images. This would double the number of training samples.
												This assumption is justified by the results shown in Fig. 5(chek paper), which shows that the area under receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve, , is virtually the same whether the values for two observers are averaged, or whether the observer data are pooled prior to computing.
								Notes:
								1. Evaluated the defect visibility in a signal-known-exactly (SKE) environment [which also assumes location-known-exactly (LKE)] for images at every combination of the number of iterations and FWHM of the filter. 
								2. For each parameter combination of the reconstruction algorithm, a total of 100 noisy image realizations were scored by the observers (50 with defect present and 50 with defect absent) on a six-point scale, following a training session involving an additional 60 images.